How'd you guys deal with that?
Good, somebody wanna tell me what do you
did, tell me what I should type in here.
>> So I did href.
>> Okay, so href.
>> Yep and
the dollar sign $= string of ".pdf".
>> ".pdf".
>> To select all the links that end in
a pdf, and then I did the ::after, okay?
And did an attribute of content
with space pdf, as a string.
>> Yeah, kind of like that?
Yeah, did it work?
Yeah it did, totally did,
here it is right here, terms and
conditions PDF,
privacy policy, PDF, right?
If you didn't get that far,
you could always do.
By the way for your CSS debugging
purposes, I thoroughly encourage
you can start with href,
something like *=, ".pdf".
There's a PDF in there somewhere, right?
And then you could say something
like color: pink, Okay?
Let's make it totally not readable
very accessible, so there we go.
Now you at least know that you're
on the right track okay so yes,
my attribute selector worked.
I'm selecting something that selects
links that have the PDF on it.
Then you can always up to another level,
so here we've put in
the double colon ::after.
That's a pseudo-element that
says after that element,
we're gonna add this
content string of PDF.
Other things you can do here,
I'm gonna point out some
stuff a little bit later on.
As we get into formatting list items, you
might be able to do something with an SVG.
If you really want the little PDF icon,
maybe you have an SVG of it,
that would be something
you could put in there.
Or you can put in a background image.
So you can put in a little
bit of padding and
then have a background image
appear down at the end.
It's the way we used to
do it in the old days.
So, this is a great way
particularly if you're working in
government universities
who just love their PDFs.
Just put this in the code, and
then they won't have to worry about
putting in those PDFs ever again, PDF.
So, notice that Dan had the dollar sign
the ending substring, totally cool.
I just use my usual star equals for
mine because I can never remember
[LAUGH] whether it's the beginning or
the ending substring.
So you can be as particular
as you want on those.